{\rtf1\ansi \deff0{\fonttbl{\f8\fswiss Arial;}{\f0\fmodern Courier New;}{\f16\froman Times New Roman;}{\f32\fscript Comic Sans MS;}{\f18\froman Webdings;}{\f17\froman Courier;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red192\green192\blue192;\red0\green0\blue0;}\ftnbj \sectd\footery1080\pard \plain\f16 This document was created using Microsoft Works for Windows, Multimedia Edition, version 3.0 on Windows 98.   The software's copyright date is 1993.  The manual states the software requires Windows 3.1 or later and MS-DOS version 3.1 or later.\par Just before this sentance was the first carriage return.\par The page margins are top and right are 1", left and right are 1.25",  header is 0.5", and footer is 0.75".  The page size is US Letter in portrait.\par \plain\b\f16 This line is bold.\plain\f16 \par \plain\i\f16 This line is italicized.\plain\f16 \par \plain\f16\ul This line is underlined.\plain\f16 \par \plain\strike\f16 Thie line is striked-through.\plain\f16 \par \plain\b\i\strike\f16\ul This line is bold, italicized, underlined, and striked-through.\plain\f16 \par \plain\f16\up8 This line is superscript.\plain\f16 \par \plain\f16\dn8 This line is subscript.\plain\f16 \par The default font is Times New Roman 12.\par \plain\f16\fs28 This line is Times New Roman 14.\plain\f16 \par \plain\f16\fs12 This line is Times New Roman 6.\plain\f16 \par \plain\f8 This line is Arial.\plain\f16 \par \plain\f17 This line is Courier (which is not a TrueType font).\plain\f16 \par \plain This line is Courier New (which is a TrueType font).\plain\f16 \par \plain\f32 This line is Comic Sans MS.\par \plain\f18 This line is Webdings.\plain\f16 \par This line demonstrates all available colors: auto, \plain\f16\cf1 black\plain\f16 , \plain\f16\cf2 blue, \plain\f16\cf3 cyan, \plain\f16\cf4 green, \plain\f16\cf5 magenta, \plain\f16\cf6 red, \plain\f16\cf7 yellow, \plain\f16\cf8 gray, \plain\f16\cf9 white, \plain\f16\cf10 dark blue, \plain\f16\cf11 dark cyan, \plain\f16\cf12 dark green, \plain\f16\cf13 dark magenta, \plain\f16\cf14 dark red, \plain\f16\cf15 light gray.\par \fi720 \plain\f16 This paragraph uses first line indent.\par \li360\fi-360 \bullet\tab This paragraph uses a non-ordered bullet.\par \li0\fi0 The default paragraph settings are: left indent 0", right indent 0", first line indent 0", left alignment, no bullets, auto spacing between lines, 0 lines spacing before paragraphs, 0 lines spacing after paragraphs, don't break paragraph off, and keep paragraph with next off.\par \li1440 This paragraph has a left margin indent at 1".\par \li2880 This paragraph has a left margin indent at 2".\par \li0\ri1440 This paragraph has a right margin indent at 1".  This paragraph has a right margin indent at 1".  This paragraph has a right margin indent at 1".\par \ri2880 This paragraph has a right margin indent at 1".  This paragraph has a right margin indent at 2".  This paragraph has a right margin indent at 2".\par \ri0\fi1440 This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 1".  This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 1".  This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 1".  This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 1".\par \fi2880 This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 2".  This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 2".  This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 1".  This paragraph has a first line margin indent at 2".\par \qc\fi0 This paragraph is aligned to center.\par \qr This paragraph is aligned to right.\par \qj This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.  This paragraph is justified.    This paragraph is justified.  \par This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  This paragraph is right justified.  \par \ql\sl240 This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines. This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.\par \sl480 This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines. This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing between lines.\par \sl0\sb240 This paragraph has 1 line spacing before paragraphs.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing before paragraphs.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing before paragraphs.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing before paragraphs.  \par \sb0\sa240 This paragraph has 1 line spacing after paragraphs.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing after paragraphs.  This paragraph has 1 line spacing after paragraphs.    This paragraph has 1 line spacing after paragraphs.  \par \pard\keep This paragraph is marked "don't break paragraph."  This paragraph is marked "don't break paragraph."  This paragraph is marked "don't break paragraph."  This paragraph is marked "don't break paragraph."\par \pard\keepn This paragraph is marked "keep paragraph with next."  This paragraph is marked "keep paragraph with next."  This paragraph is marked "keep paragraph with next."  This paragraph is marked "keep paragraph with next."  This paragraph is marked "keep paragraph with next."\par Here's a tab:\tab That was a tab.\par \pard\keepn\tx1440 This paragraph has a tab inserted at 1" with settings left alignment and no leader.\par \tab one\tab two\tab three\tab four\tab five\tab size\par \pard\keepn\tx1440\tqc\tx2880 This paragraph is the same as the previous and contains a centered tab at 2".\par \tab one\tab two\tab three\tab four\tab five\tab size\par \pard\keepn\tx1440\tqc\tx2880\tqr\tx4320 This paragraph is the same as the previous and contains a right tab at 3".\par \tab one\tab two\tab three\tab four\tab five\tab size\par \pard\keepn\tx1440\tqc\tx2880\tqr\tx4320\tqdec\tx5760 This paragraph is the same as the previous and contains a decimal-aligned tab at 4".\tab one\tab two\tab three\tab four\tab five\tab size\par \pard\keepn\tldot\tx5760 This paragraph shows a left-aligned, 1 leader at 4in:\tab mark\par \pard\keepn\tlhyph\tx5760 This paragraph shows a left-aligned, 2 leader at 4in:\tab mark\par \pard\keepn\tlul\tx5760 This paragraph shows a left-aligned, 3 leader at 4in:\tab mark\par \pard\keepn\tleq\tx5760 This paragraph shows a left-aligned, 4 leader at 4in:\tab mark\par \pard\keepn This application has a setting for default tab spacing (which defaults to 0.5") and applies to the whole document.\par \par \pard\keep\box\brdrs This paragraph has an outline border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\brdrt\brdrs This paragraph has a top border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\brdrb\brdrs This paragraph has a bottom border.\par \pard\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\brdrl\brdrs This paragraph has a left border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\brdrr\brdrs This paragraph has a right border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\box\brdrs\brdrcf2 This paragraph has a blue, outline border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\box\brdrs\brdrcf6 This paragraph has a red, outline border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\box\brdrth This paragraph has a bold, outline border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \pard\keep\box\brdrdb This paragraph has a double, outline border.\par \pard\qr\keep (This paragraph is a blank spacer.)\par \ql\keep By default, this document has 1 column with 0.5" space beteen columns and a line between columns.  In this application, the columns setting applies to the whole document.\par A page break follows this line.\par \page An end-of-line mark follows this line\line This sentance contains an optional hy\-phen.\par This sentance contains a non\_breaking hyphen.\par This\~sentance\~contains\~non-breaking\~spaces.\par Here's a code to print the page number: \plain\f16 \chpgn \plain\f16 \par Here's a code to print the filename: \plain\f16 {\field {\*\fldinst filename }{\fldrslt}}\plain\f16 \par Here's a code to print the date: \plain\f16 \chdate \plain\f16 \par Here's a code to print the long date: \plain\f16 \chdpl \plain\f16 \par Here's a code to print the time: \plain\f16 \chtime \plain\f16 \par Here's a code to print the current date: 9/12/06\par Here's a code to print the current time: 10:43 PM\par Following are some texts from http://www.columbia.edu/kermit/utf8.html which demonstrate characters not used in English.  Please note that some translations did not copy and paste well.\par \pard German: Falsches \'dcben von Xylophonmusik qu\'e4lt jeden gr\'f6\'dferen Zwerg.\par Swedish: Flygande b\'e4ckasiner s\'f6ka strax hwila p\'e5 mjuka tuvor. \par Icelandic: S\'e6v\'f6r gr\'e9t \'e1\'f0an \'fev\'ed \'falpan var \'f3n\'fdt. \par Polish: Pchnac w te l\'f3dz jeza lub osm skrzyn fig. \par Czech: Pr\'edli\'9a \'9elutouck\'fd kun \'fapel d\'e1belsk\'e9 k\'f3dy. \par Spanish: El ping\'fcino Wenceslao hizo kil\'f3metros bajo exhaustiva lluvia y fr\'edo, a\'f1oraba a su querido cachorro. \par Portuguese: O pr\'f3ximo v\'f4o \'e0 noite sobre o Atl\'e2ntico, p\'f5e freq\'fcentemente o \'fanico m\'e9dico. (3) \par \pard\keep French: Les na\'effs \'e6githales h\'e2tifs pondant \'e0 No\'ebl o\'f9 il g\'e8le sont s\'fbrs d'\'eatre d\'e9\'e7us et de voir leurs dr\'f4les d'\'9cufs ab\'eem\'e9s. \par \pard \par }
